NeevHackathon2022 Team members: Madhav, Yuktav, Promit, and Nikhil Problem: Several people a day die in hospitals simply because of a lack of prep, this is often the case as many individuals with grave injuries require immediate attention such as anaesthesia, painkillers, or a free operation theatre. Yet, all of this requires significant time to prepare by the hospital as they require patient details and other information. Many deaths can be avoided simply by an efficiency means for communication between patients/ambulances and hospitals. Product: Our product is a webapp created using the Python microframework "Flask". The webapp consists of two main sections: Section 1 (The communication section): The communication section allows users of the webapp to fill out a form which contains basic details (Eg: Age, blood type, injury type, cause of injury etc.) This form is then linked to a database which all hospitals in a given region have access to. This eliminates the need for doctors having to ask patients basic information, enabling them to directly start prepping before the patient/ambulance reaches the hospital. Section 2 (The post section): The post section allows registered hospitals of the webapp to make request posts requesting any medical paraphernelia such as certain blood types, organs, equipment etc.) Hospitals with the relevant equipment can then contribute. Any post is made public for registered hospitals to see. Technologies used: Flask HTML CSS Bootstrap (Includes JS, and JQuery) Themes: Healthcare